LAST TIME ON YU-GI-OH! GX...
I AM ZURE, COMMANDER
OF THE ALL-POWERFUL
DARK ARMY.
ALL RIGHT, ZURE,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Alexis: JADEN!
YOU THINK HE MIGHT
NEED SOME SAVIN'?
Syrus: NO,
BUT WE MIGHT!
ONCE I BLAST YOU
TO THE STARS,
I'LL BE SURE
YOU HAVE SOME COMPANY.
I'M SO SCARED!
ZURE,
I SUMMON FREED!
FEEL THE WRATH OF MY...
BRAVE SWORD ATTACK!
[YELLING]
Alexis: WHAT IS THAT?
THOSE CAN'T...
BE GOOD!
JESSE'S STILL OUT THERE!
I'M GONNA SEARCH EVERY CAVE
AND FIGHT EVERY MONSTER
IN THIS PLACE
UNTIL I FIND HIM.
EVEN IF I HAVE TO RISK
EVERYTHING TO DO IT!
[THINKING]
IF JADEN ISN'T CAREFUL,
ONE OF THOSE DUELS MIGHT HAVE
AN END THAT AFFECTS US ALL.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
YOU SURE THIS IS THE WAY,
WINGED KURIBOH?
I HOPE THIS HELPS US
LIKE YOU SAY IT WILL.
SO IT'S IN THERE, HUH?
TROUBLE?
WHADAYA MEAN?
YAH!
OH, THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN!
Axel: WHERE'S JADEN?
Jim: I THINK HE WENT
ON A WALKABOUT.
YEAH, I SAW HIM
GO UP THAT HILL BEFORE.
I PLAY ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
OH, YEAH!
Alexis: MAN, HOW LONG
IS JADEN GONNA BE UP THERE?
Jim: WHO KNOWS?
MAYBE HE'S
THROWING HIMSELF
A FIND JESSE PARTY.
THERE'S A PARTY UP THERE?
AND WE WEREN'T INVITED?!
Both:
IT'S YOUR FAULT!
HE SAID KURIBOH
FOUND SOMETHING
BUT WOULDN'T SAY WHAT.
YEAH, WELL,
HE DIDN'T HAVE TO
LEAVE US OUT HERE
IN THE DARK.
I KNOW.
I'M STARTING TO THINK
THAT IT'S NOT REALLY
ALL FOR ONE ANYMORE.
I MEAN, WE ALL
CAME TO THIS WORLD,
WE ALL WANT TO FIND JESSE,
WE ALL WANT
TO HELP FREED'S PEOPLE,
BUT JADEN'S NOT ASKING
FOR OUR HELP OR OUR INPUT.
SO? SURE, HE MIGHT BE
TAKING US FOR GRANTED,
BUT WE'RE STILL HERE,
AREN'T WE?
AND WE'RE HERE
BECAUSE WE TRUST
THE GUY.
HE'S YET TO LET US DOWN.
JUST YOU WAIT!
'CAUSE I THINK JADEN'S
LOOKING OUT FOR
ONLY TWO PEOPLE!
WOULD YOU GUYS MOVE IT?
YOU REALLY STINK!
Jaden: HEY, GUYS! CHECK IT OUT!
KURIBOH FOUND US
A MAP OF THIS PLACE
AND A WAY TO GET AROUND!
Syrus:
WHAT ARE THOSE?
Hassleberry:
THEY'RE GIANT
DUCKS, SYRUS.
THEY'LL TAKE US
TO EACH FORTRESS!
MAYBE JESS IS IN ONE OF 'EM.
"EACH"
FORTRESS?!
HUH?
HOW MANY GOBLIN-INFESTED
FORTRESSES
YOU GONNA DRAG US TO?
EACH ONE ON THAT MAP?
WHAT IF WE DON'T
FIND HIM?
IT'S NO BIGGIE.
THERE'S LOTS OF
OTHER PLACES TO LOOK!
BUT THE FORT TOUR
COMES FIRST
SO WE CAN FIND
FREED'S PEEPS, TOO. COOL?
NO, IT'S NOT COOL,
ALL RIGHT?
EASY DOES IT.
JUST TRUST ME, WILL YA?
NOW LET'S GET MOVING, GUYS!
HOLD ON, WE GOTTA--
HE-YA!
Syrus and Hassleberry:
WHERE YOU GOIN'?!
COME ON! GET ON YOUR DUCKS!
BE SURE TO KEEP UP!
JADEN,
WAIT A SEC!
SARGE!
UGH! HE DARES LEAVE
THE CHAZZ BEHIND?
OH, THE NERVE!
WELL, DON'T
JUST STAND AROUND.
WE'RE IN ENEMY TERRITORY.
FOLLOWIN' THE GUY
WITH THE MAP
BEATS BEING LOST.
OFF WE GO!
[SIGH]
HUH?
AAH!
[GROANING]
MY SCIATICA!
HOLD ON TIGHT!
I GOT IT.
YOU DROP ME,
YOU'RE DINNER!
LET'S MOVE OUT!
SLOW DOWN,
YOU FORGOT ABOUT US...
AGAIN.
CHAZZ, PLEASE WAIT!
YA KNOW WHAT, DUCK?
THIS WADDLIN'
SURE BEATS WALKIN'!
AND AT THIS PACE,
I'M GONNA FIND MY FRIEND JESSE
IN NO TIME!
WE JUST GOTTA GET TO HIM
BEFORE ANYTHING BAD HAPPENS!
SO WHATTA YA SAY WE PICK IT UP
A NOTCH?
IT'S HIM,
THE OUTWORLDER
WHO DEFEATED ZURE,
SO LET'S GET HIM!.
NO. WE WERE TOLD
NOT TO INTERCEPT HIM.
AH. I WAS HOPING
TO TURN HIM INTO
A SHOOTING STAR.
LET IT GO.
THE MAD KING
WILL HANDLE HIM.
OUR JOB IS
COMING THIS WAY!
LOOK!
HEY! TRY OBEYING
THE SPEED LIMIT, WOULD YA?!
AAH!
UNH!
HEY, DUCK! HEEL! COME ON BACK!
THE CHAZZ WON'T EAT YA!
DUCKS AHOY!
EH?
[YELLING]
UNH!
OOH!
HUH?
WHOA!
OH!
UNH!
COME BACK!
WE DON'T KNOW
WHERE WE ARE!
IT'S BEEN, LIKE,
FOREVER,
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE
JADEN HASN'T COME
LOOKING FOR US YET.
YA KNOW,
HE PROB'LY
DIDN'T EVEN REALIZE
WE'RE NOT WITH 'IM.
AND I BET HE DON'T CARE
EITHER WAY.
LET'S THINK
POSITIVE THOUGHTS,
EVERYONE.
I'M SURE IF JADEN KNEW
WHAT HAPPENED TO US, HE'D...
AH, WHO AM I KIDDING?
HE'S PROB'LY LONG GONE.
I KNOW
HE MEANS WELL,
BUT, I DUNNO,
HE SEEMS DIFFERENT
THAN USUAL.
IT'S LIKE
HE ISN'T THINKING
ABOUT US AT ALL.
THAT'S RIGHT! HE ISN'T!
ALL HE'S THINKING ABOUT
IS HIMSELF!
THIS IS ALL ABOUT
JADEN FEELING BETTER!
HE DOESN'T CARE
WHAT HAPPENS TO US!
HOW COULD HE JUST RUN AHEAD
WITHOUT WAITING?
HE BETTER HAVE
A GOOD EXCUSE
FOR HIS ACTIONS!
OR ELSE I'M GONNA
COURT-MARTIAL HIM!
AND YOU KNOW,
IT'S LIKE EVERY
DECISION HE MAKES
PUTS SO MUCH STRAIN
ON EACH ONE OF US.
WATCHING HOW IT AFFECTS
ALL MY CLOSE FRIENDS
IS JUST
TEARING ME UP INSIDE.
AND HE'S ONLY
"DOING THE RIGHT THING"
TO FEEL BETTER
ABOUT HIMSELF.
THINK ABOUT IT.
HE'S GOT NO PROBLEM
DITCHING US OUT HERE.
YA KNOW, THIS NEW ATTITUDE
IS REALLY BUMMIN' ME OUT.
WHERE IS HE?!
HE NEEDS A WAKEUP CALL,
AND THE NEXT TIME
I SEE HIM--
WE'RE LOST,
AND THERE MAY NOT
BE A NEXT TIME.
WE'RE GONERS.
WE'LL NEVER GET TO SEE
DUEL ACADEMY AGAIN,
AND--AND
PRETTY SOON, WE'LL--
WE'LL HAVE TO RESORT
TO EATING ROCKS,
AND THEN...
[SOB]
STOP THAT.
YOU'RE TOTALLY
DEPRESSING ME.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU SEEM TO BE LOST.
WE CAN TAKE YOU ALL...
TO THE FORTRESS
YOUR FRIEND IS SEEKING.
IT'S QUITE THE DISTANCE.
[GASPING]
THANKS, BUT NO THANKS!
NOW, SCRAM!
WHAT HAVE WE HERE?
HE'S A FEISTY
LITTLE HUMAN,
ISN'T HE?
PUT AWAY
YOUR DUEL DISK!
IF YOU DUEL,
THOSE TWO COULD
SEND YOU AWAY,
AND I'M
DOWN ENOUGH
AS IT IS.
WE OFFER ONLY HELP
IN YOUR QUEST
TO FIND YOUR FRIEND.
WITHOUT OUR GUIDANCE,
YOU WILL BE LOST.
WE'LL BE OK.
I'M SURE THAT
WE CAN FIND IT ON OUR OWN,
BUT THANK YOU
FOR THE OFFER, ANYWAY.
YEAH, WE'VE GOT IT
FROM HERE.
SO FEEL FREE TO,
YOU KNOW, GO AWAY.
Goldd:
DON'T MAKE US FORCE YOU.
GO AHEAD AND TRY IT,
YA GOLD-PLATED CREEP.
I'LL TAKE YA DOWN!
YOU'RE GONNA WISH YA NEVER
ASKED TO HELP US!
WELL, THIS HUMAN'S
HOT-TEMPERED,
ISN'T HE?
HE IS, AND I'D LIKE
THE CHANCE TO COOL HIM DOWN!
Sillva: AS WOULD I.
TOO BAD OUR ORDERS
ARE TO TAKE THEM
BACK TO BRONN,
THE MAD KING
OF DARK WORLD.
TAKE THEM NOW!
[SHOUTING]
[GROANING]
HUH! ALL BARK
AND NO BITE.
OH, WELL.
IT'S TIME
WE BRING THEM
TO THE KING.
I'LL GET THE TWO
ON THE--
WAIT!
WEREN'T BRONN'S
EXACT WORDS,
"BRING THE OTHER FIVE
TO ME?"
ONE, TWO, THREE,
FOUR.
UH,
WHERE'S NUMBER FIVE?
GUESS THESE FOUR
WILL HAVE TO DO.
AFTER WE DROP THEM OFF,
WE'LL GO AND FIND THE FIFTH ONE.
HE MUST BE
QUITE THE WARRIOR.
[SYRUS YELLING]
SLOW DOWN! STOP!
BAD DUCK! HELLLP!
[QUACK]
AAAAH!
I'LL NEVER
FIND THE OTHERS,
AND I'LL NEVER MAKE IT
BACK HOME!
I'LL GO OVER
THE EDGE OF THAT CANYON,
AND THEN THEY'LL
NEVER FIND ME!
AAH!
[SHOUTING]
[PANTING]
I'M ALIVE-- AAH!
NOT AGAIN!
WON'T THIS QUACKER EVER QUIT?!
Jaden: LOOKS LIKE THE FIRST STOP
ON THE FORTRESS TOUR
IS STRAIGHT AHEAD.
WHOA, BOY.
[THINKING]
I'M GONNA FIND YOU, JESSE!
Jim: HEY, JADEN!
HUH?
HOLD UP.
WE HAVEN'T SEEN
THE OTHERS
IN QUITE A WHILE.
THEY MIGHT HAVE TAKEN
A WRONG TURN SOMEWHERE.
[GASP]
YA THINK...?
WELL...DO YOU MIND
GOIN' BACK
AND LOOKIN' FOR 'EM?
JUST US?
AND WHAT IF
THEY'RE IN A PICKLE
OF SOME KIND?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
IN THE MEANTIME?
RAID THAT FORT BY YOURSELF?
HMM.
WE NEED TO
STICK TOGETHER, JADEN.
LISTEN. WE'LL GO BACK
N' LOOK FOR THE OTHERS,
BUT DON'T GO
MARCHING IN THERE ALONE.
YOU WAIT FOR US.
ALL RIGHT.
PROMISE?
I PROMISE.
[THINKING]
I KNOW THOSE GUYS WILL
MAKE SURE MY FRIENDS ARE OK.
I'D GO BACK, BUT I
HAVE TO KEEP SEARCHING.
[THINKING]
OK, I TECHNICALLY JUST
BROKE MY PROMISE TO AXEL,
BUT IT'S FOR
A GOOD REASON.
EVERY SECOND THAT PASSES
IS ANOTHER SECOND
THAT JESSE COULD BE IN DANGER.
I'VE ALWAYS JUST KIND OF
GONE WITH THINGS
AND TRUSTED MY INSTINCTS.
I CAN'T STOP NOW.
AND MY INSTINCTS ARE TELLING ME
THAT JESSE NEEDS MY HELP.
I DON'T LIKE BEING
IN THIS CREEPY WORLD
ANY MORE THAN
THE OTHERS DO.
BUT JESSE
RISKED HIS TAIL FOR US,
AND I'M GONNA SEE TO IT
THAT WE GET HIM BACK.
I KNOW I'M DOING
THE RIGHT THING.
HMM, NO GUARDS AGAIN.
EITHER THIS PLACE IS EMPTY,
OR IT'S ANOTHER TRAP.
OHH.
[LAUGHTER]
[GASP]
GUESS IT'S ANOTHER TRAP!
[LAUGHTER CONTINUES]
MY NAME IS BRONN,
MAD KING OF DARK WORLD.
WELCOME. I'M DELIGHTED
YOU COULD JOIN US.
I HOPE YOU CAN STAY.
THANKS, BUT NO THANKS,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
I THINK YOU MIGHT HAVE
SOME FRIENDS OF MINE
LOCKED UP IN HERE--
A KID MY AGE
AND SOME WARRIORS.
MAYBE I DO...
MAYBE I DON'T!
AND MAYBE THEY'VE
ALREADY DUELED
AND BEEN SENT AWAY
TO THE STARS.
[GASP]
MY FELLOW FIENDS
HAVE WAGED MANY A BATTLE
IN THIS ARENA.
IT'S HARD TO KEEP TRACK
HOW MANY HUMANS
HAVE BEEN BLASTED
TO THE CELESTIALS
AND HOW MANY STILL REMAIN.
HA HA HA!
[GASP]
[THINKING]
OH, NO, JESSE!
WHAT IF THEY MADE YOU
DUEL THEM?
[CACKLING]
AAH! AAH!
[GROANING]
AH!
WHERE'S MY FRIEND?
THAT'S FOR ME TO KNOW
AND YOU TO FIND OUT!
OK. AND HOW
DO I FIND OUT?
WE DUEL!
HUH?
HERE'S BUT A SAMPLE
OF THE POWER
YOU'LL EXPERIENCE.
YOU MEAN, YOU'RE GONNA
DUEL ME YOURSELF?
SINCE YOU'VE ALREADY
DEFEATED TWO OF
MY BEST MEN,
I WANT THE HONOR
OF DISPATCHING YOU
PERSONALLY.
WELL, THEN,
THE HONOR'S GONNA BE
ALL MINE!
IS THAT RIGHT?
YOU KNOW IT!
I CAME HERE TO
FIND MY FRIEND,
AND IF FINDING HIM
MEANS HAVING TO DUEL
THROUGH YOU...
YOU'RE ON!
SO GET READY, BRONN,
'CAUSE ONCE
I DETHRONE YOU,
I'M SENDING YOU
TO THE STARS!
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
GAME ON!
I SUMMON BROWW--
HUNTSMAN OF DARK WORLD!
AND NEXT I PLAY THE SPELL
WICKED CANON!
IT'S THE MOST FASCINATING
BOOK YOU'LL EVER READ.
[LAUGHING]
WHAT KIND OF
BOOK IS IT?
OH, YOU'LL SEE!
WHAT'S THAT CARD
SUPPOSED TO DO?
[LAUGHING]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHERE'S THAT RUMBLE
COMING FROM?
WHY AM I ASKING
SO MANY QUESTIONS?
CHAZZ!
HASSLEBERRY!
ALEXIS! ATTICUS!
BRONN, WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE TO MY FRIENDS?
OH, MAN!
WHY ARE THEY
CHAINED UP?
WHAT'S THIS ALL ABOUT,
AND WHATTA YOU
GONNA DO TO THEM?
OH, YOU'LL FIND OUT...
SOON ENOUGH.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
ALL RIGHT, HANG ON.
I'LL GET US
OUTTA HERE...
STARTING NOW!
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
SWEET! I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
READY?
ZAP THIS GUY
WITH STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
AAH!
ALL FOR NOTHING!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN WRITE
THE SYMBOL FOR ANGER
INTO THE CANON!
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S THE BEGINNING
OF YOUR END.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[THINKING]
OW, THAT REALLY SMARTS.
WHERE AM I?
HEY, WHAT'S WITH THE BRACELET
AND THE CHAINS?
HEY, GUYS, YOU,
UH, KNOW HOW WE
ENDED UP HERE?!
OH, YEAH...
THOSE TWO THUGS
GOT THE DROP ON US.
YOU OK, CHAZZ?!
WE TRIED TO HELP,
BUT IT'S LIKE
YOU ALWAYS SAY,
WE'RE A SORRY
AND USELESS BUNCH.
Jaden: HEY! CHAZZ!
HELP'S ON THE WAY,
MAN!
I'LL BUST YOU
OUTTA THOSE CHAINS
IN A SEC.
HANG TIGHT!
YOU BETTER!
'CAUSE IF YA DIDN'T KNOW IT...
[GRUNTING]
I'M IN THESE CHAINS
'CAUSE OF YOU!
HUH?
AND "HANG TIGHT?!"
IF IT WEREN'T FOR YOU,
I'D BE MAXIN' AND RELAXIN'
BACK AT DUEL ACADEMY!
OH.
BUT YA GOTTA GO AND MAKE
YOURSELF FEEL BETTER.
YOU'RE ALWAYS JUST
RUNNING HEADFIRST
INTO THINGS,
NEVER THINKING
ABOUT THE CONSEQUENCES!
CHAZZ, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT? I--
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU RAN INTO THAT PORTAL
KNOWING THAT YOUR FRIENDS
WOULD NEVER
LET YOU GO ALONE
IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES
WITH JADEN!
AND NOW YOU TRY
TO ACT ALL COOL
AND TELL ME
TO HANG TIGHT.
I'M IN CHAINS, MAN!
I CAN'T HANG ANY TIGHTER!
[GASPING]
AAH!
AAH! WHAT'S GOING ON?
THIS IS SOME KIND
OF TRICK, RIGHT?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
NOT THE BOSS!
WHAT'VE YOU DONE!?
[CACKLING]
WHAT'S GOING ON?
MY WICKED CANON'S
GOING ON!
SO KEEP ATTACKING!
I'VE GOT PAGES TO FILL!
EVERY TIME I TAKE DAMAGE,
THE BOOK DEMANDS
A SACRIFICE!
A WICKED RUNE!
WHICH YOUR FRIENDS
ARE MARKED WITH
AND READY
FOR PUBLICATION!
I'M SO DISTRESSED
BECAUSE WHEN JADEN
ATTACKS,
THEN ONE OF US WILL...
WIND UP
LIKE CHAZZ DID
AND END UP IN THAT BOOK.
IT'S JUST TERRIBLE THAT
WE WERE THE ONES SINGLED OUT!
I'M SO MAD!
YOU GET YOURSELF
IN A DUEL,
N' WE END UP
HAVING TO PAY FOR
YOUR RECKLESSNESS?
GUYS...I'M SORRY...
[THINKING]
DON'T BE, JADEN.
YOU SEE, YOUR FRIENDS
ARE ALL PAWNS FOR
THE GREAT FUSION CARD.
THE RUNE WHICH MARKS
EACH OF THEM
EMBODIES THE EMOTION
THAT THEY FEEL--
ANGER, HATE, SADNESS,
ANGUISH, AND DOUBT.
IT IS THESE EMOTIONS
THAT WILL BE DEVOURED
AND POURED
INTO THE WICKED CANON.
THE MORE THEY GIVE,
THE STRONGER
THE SUMMONING SHALL BE!
HA HA HA!
[GASP]
THIS CAN'T BE.
IT IS MY FAULT.
WHAT DO I DO?
HMM.
STILL YOUR MOVE.
SO DO YOU RISK YOURSELF,
OR DO YOU LET YOUR FRIENDS
BECOME PAGES IN MY BOOK?
OHH.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS,
BUT IF YOU PLAN ON
KNEELING THERE ALL DAY,
PERHAPS YOU SHOULD
END YOUR TURN NOW.
FINE.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
HMM. HUH?
[THINKING]
ONLY THREE LEFT.
I NEED FOUR MORE RUNES
TO OFFER UP.
MY MEN BETTER HURRY UP
AND FIND THE FINAL OFFERING.
WELL, DUCK,
LOOKS LIKE IT'S
JUST YOU AND ME NOW,
OUT HERE LOST.
AND YA KNOW, I DOUBT
MY FRIENDS EVEN REALIZE
WE'RE NOT WITH THEM.
I MEAN IT. THEY'LL NEVER
COME LOOKIN' FOR ME.
NO ONE EVER MISSES
THE SIDEKICK.
Goldd:
WELL, IT SEEMS THAT
WE MISSED YOU,
LITTLE ONE.
Sillva: WE DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU GOT PAST US...
AAH!
BUT IT WON'T...
HAPPEN AGAIN!
HA HA HA!
I DON'T WANT ANY...
TROUBLE.
IT'S NO TROUBLE
AT ALL.
[CHANTING "DUEL! DUEL!"]
[JADEN THINKING]
HOW DID I GET
MY FRIENDS INTO THIS,
AND HOW AM I GONNA
GET 'EM OUT OF IT?
HMM?
WHAT SHOULD I DO,
KURIBOH? HUH?
IF I ATTACK,
I'LL LOSE MY FRIENDS.
THERE'S JUST NO WAY...
I CAN'T DO THIS TO THEM.
HA HA HA!
OH, BUT YOU WILL.
YOU'RE GOING TO
DECIDE THE FATE
OF ALL YOUR FRIENDS,
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT
OR NOT.
HUH!
PERFECT! DESTINY HAS
A GOOD SENSE OF HUMOR!
FROM THE STARS,
I SUMMON ZURE,
THE KNIGHT OF DARK WORLD!
HA HA HA!
AARG!
NO WAY!
[GROWLING]
REVENGE IS YOURS.
GO FORTH, MY LOYAL FIEND.
SMITE THE RUNT
WHO DEFEATED YOU.
[ROARING]
[JADEN GROANS]
Hassleberry:
DON'T JUST STAND THERE!
YOU GOT US ALL
INTO THIS!
FIND A WAY
TO GET US OUT,
OR I'LL BREAK
THESE CHAINS
AND TURN YOU
INTO A CONSTELLATION
MYSELF!
[THINKING]
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO.
IF I DEAL DAMAGE
TO THIS GUY,
THE OTHERS'LL END UP
TRAPPED IN THAT BOOK
WITH CHAZZ.
I GOT THEM INTO THIS,
AND I KNOW THE ONLY WAY
TO GET THEM OUT IS
TO LET THIS GUY WIN.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'LL HAPPEN TO ME,
BUT I'VE GOTTA BE BRAVE
ENOUGH TO FIND OUT.
HA HA HA!
LOOKS TO ME LIKE
YOU'RE THINKING
OF GIVING UP.
BUT I FEEL
I SHOULD TELL YOU,
I'M NOT LETTING YOU
OUT OF THIS DUEL THAT EASY!
OHH.
YOU'RE GOING TO SEND
YOUR FRIENDS AWAY!
AND IT WILL ALL HAPPEN
BECAUSE OF THE DECISIONS
YOU MAKE,
AND THESE CHOICES
WILL HAUNT YOU FOREVER.
THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN!
[LAUGHING]
YES IT WILL,
BECAUSE THEIR DESTINY
IS WITH THE STARS!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU
GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW,
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪